Who are the authors of Time to Leak: Cross-Device Timing Attack On Edge Deep Learning Accelerator?
Who are the authors of Intrusion detection in networks using cuckoo search optimization?
Who are the authors of Visionary automation of sack handling and emptying?
Who are the authors of Environment mapping and other applications of world projections?
Who are the authors of Administrative scope: A foundation for role-based administrative models?
Who are the authors of Operational prototyping: a new development approach?
Who are the authors of A software tool for human-robot shared-workspace collaboration with task precedence constraints?
Who are the authors of Structured Prediction For Crisp Inverse Kinematics Learning With Misspecified Robot Models?
Who are the authors of Design of an Autonomous Latching System for Surface Vessels?
Who are the authors of Utilizing a Non-Motor Symptoms Questionnaire and Machine Learning to Differentiate Movement Disorders.?
What organization is Bradley E. Rucker from?
What organization is Ruben Puche-Panadero from?
What organization is Sarat Chandra Swain from?
What organization is Hongtao Su from?
What organization is Junru Jin from?
What organization is Allison Woodruff from?
What organization is Allison C. Tam from?
What organization is Eric C Porges from?
What organization is Shengdong Zhang from?
What organization is Zhanchao Li from?
How many pages is Turbocharging Treewidth-Bounded Bayesian Network Structure Learning?
How many pages is Smoothing Methods for Nonlinear Complementarity Problems.?
How many pages is Construction of an efficient multivariate dynamic screening system.?
How many pages is End-to-End Learning of OFDM Waveforms with PAPR and ACLR Constraints?
How many pages is Recommending API Usages for Mobile Apps with Hidden Markov Model.?
How many pages is Finding a Shortest Odd Hole?
How many pages is A Multinomial Naïve Bayesian (MNB) Network to Automatically Recommend Topics for GitHub Repositories.?
How many pages is Pole-Zero Cancellation Speed Control With Variable Current Cut-Off Frequency for Servo Motors?
How many pages is Refactoring Java Monoliths into Executable Microservice-Based Applications.?
How many pages is A data reduction scheme for triangulated surfaces?
How many papers did Rate-Distortion Optimal Transform Coefficient Selection for Unoccupied Regions in Video-Based Point Cloud Compression cite?
How many papers did A method to include reservoir operations in catchment hydrological models using SHETRAN cite?
How many papers did GPU-aware resource management in heterogeneous cloud data centers cite?
How many papers did High order discretization methods for spatial-dependent epidemic models cite?
How many papers did Performance-Guaranteed Fault-Tolerant Control for Uncertain Nonlinear Systems via Learning-Based Switching Scheme cite?
How many papers did Mean-Based Trace Reconstruction Over Oblivious Synchronization Channels cite?
How many papers did Contextual Documentation Referencing on Stack Overflow cite?
How many papers did Toward Predicting Stay Time for Private Car Users: A RNN-NALU Approach cite?
How many papers did A stacked deep learning approach to cyber-attacks detection in industrial systems: application to power system and gas pipeline systems cite?
How many papers did Software fault classification using extreme learning machine: a cognitive approach cite?
How many papers in the DBLP citation network cited A Data Aggregation Based Approach To Exploit Dynamic Spatio-Temporal Correlations For Citywide Crowd Flows Prediction In Fog Computing?
How many papers in the DBLP citation network cited Contrastive Adversarial Domain Adaptation for Machine Remaining Useful Life Prediction?
How many papers in the DBLP citation network cited Distributed Attack Detection in a Water Treatment Plant: Method and Case Study?
How many papers in the DBLP citation network cited Online and Unsupervised Anomaly Detection for Streaming Data Using an Array of Sliding Windows and PDDs?
How many papers in the DBLP citation network cited A novel gray wolf optimizer with RNA crossover operation for tackling the non-parametric modeling problem of FCC process?
How many papers in the DBLP citation network cited A Grouping Differential Evolution Algorithm Boosted by Attraction and Repulsion Strategies for Masi Entropy-Based Multi-Level Image Segmentation?
How many papers in the DBLP citation network cited AntiSense: Standard-compliant CSI obfuscation against unauthorized Wi-Fi sensing?
How many papers in the DBLP citation network cited End-To-End Computer Vision Framework: An Open-Source Platform For Research And Education?
How many papers in the DBLP citation network cited Contractible Edges In K-Connected Graphs With Minimum Degree Greater Than Or Equal To Left Perpendicular 3k-1/2 Right Perpendicular?
How many papers in the DBLP citation network cited Analytical modeling for signaling‐based DRX in 5G communication?
How many collaborators does Seoyoung Ahn have in the DBLP citation network?
How many collaborators does Bohyung Han have in the DBLP citation network?
How many collaborators does Gözel Shakeri have in the DBLP citation network?
How many collaborators does Huijie Peng have in the DBLP citation network?
How many collaborators does Andrew D. Ferguson have in the DBLP citation network?
How many collaborators does Cliff Young have in the DBLP citation network?
How many collaborators does Nicholas J. Bryan have in the DBLP citation network?
How many collaborators does Zhonghua Zheng have in the DBLP citation network?
How many collaborators does Minsu Ko have in the DBLP citation network?
How many collaborators does Jan Mandel have in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did K Zheng and Q Zhou write together in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Payam Ghassemi and Amir Behjat write together in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Tai-Quan Peng and Lun Zhang write together in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Joachim von Zitzewitz and Grégoire Courtine write together in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Jonathan Tremblay and Thomas Müller write together in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Sarah Fakhoury and Cole S. Peterson write together in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Jingqin Wang and Jingtao Wang write together in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Seungyong Moon and Hyun Oh Song write together in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Mansouri Farnam and Hamid R. Rabiee write together in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Roger Gassert and Lambercy Olivier write together in the DBLP citation network?
What papers did Annahita Amireskandari write in the DBLP citation network?
What papers did Yan Zhang write in the DBLP citation network?
What papers did Amine Ihamouten write in the DBLP citation network?
What papers did Stefano Aldini write in the DBLP citation network?
What papers did Jun Zeng write in the DBLP citation network?
What papers did Dongdong Mu write in the DBLP citation network?
What papers did Alessandro Brighente write in the DBLP citation network?
What papers did Christopher Yau write in the DBLP citation network?
What papers did Veera Rajendran write in the DBLP citation network?
What papers did Chenlu Shen write in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Erdogan Pekcan Erkan write in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Mucong Li write in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Liang Shi write in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Biplab Sikdar write in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Aakash Ahmad write in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Mainack Mondal write in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Joel M. Cooper write in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Yao Qin write in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Debarghya Ghoshdastidar write in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers did Reza Lotfidereshgi write in the DBLP citation network?
What venue did TS Chua and X He collaborate most in the DBLP citation network?
What venue did Eric F. Vermote and J.-C. Roger collaborate most in the DBLP citation network?
What venue did Per Jesper Sjöström and Rui Ponte Costa collaborate most in the DBLP citation network?
What venue did Robert M Roth and Brian MacWhinney collaborate most in the DBLP citation network?
What venue did Chetna Singhal and Raja Datta collaborate most in the DBLP citation network?
What venue did Kang Yang and Ziyi Zhou collaborate most in the DBLP citation network?
What venue did Hadi Daneshmand and Amir Joudaki collaborate most in the DBLP citation network?
What venue did Juliane Fischer and Birgit Vogel-Heuser collaborate most in the DBLP citation network?
What venue did Penelope Collins and Dakuo Wang collaborate most in the DBLP citation network?
What venue did Xiaohua Zhu and Hong Hong collaborate most in the DBLP citation network?
