How many people does Lili He need to know at least to know Zhikang Shuai in the DBLP citation network?
How many people does Hiroshi Ishiguro need to know at least to know Manabu Ikeda in the DBLP citation network?
How many people does Badawy Reham need to know at least to know Bloem Bastiaan in the DBLP citation network?
How many people does Cagatay Goncu need to know at least to know Samuel Reinders in the DBLP citation network?
How many people does Mark de Reuver need to know at least to know Jafar Rezaei in the DBLP citation network?
How many people does Pratheepan Yogarajah need to know at least to know Sonya Coleman in the DBLP citation network?
How many people does Jungyeul Park need to know at least to know KyungTae Lim in the DBLP citation network?
How many people does Muhammad Akhtar Munir need to know at least to know Muhammad Haris Khan in the DBLP citation network?
How many people does Raman Kumar need to know at least to know Vikram Goyal in the DBLP citation network?
How many people does Aleksandra Revina need to know at least to know Nina Rizun in the DBLP citation network?
How many common collaborators does Luigi Asprino have with Aldo Gangemi?
How many common collaborators does Ananya Misra have with Thibault Doutre?
How many common collaborators does Guoxian Yu have with Qiaoyu Tan?
How many common collaborators does Jinhao Wu have with Jia, Riheng?
How many common collaborators does Abdullah Mohammed Al-Majid have with Sammer Yousuf?
How many common collaborators does Deli Zhao have with Jiapeng Zhu?
How many common collaborators does Zhiwei Yu have with Shuang Chen?
How many common collaborators does Ran Liu have with Xi Chen?
How many common collaborators does Chen Jiang have with Xudong Yang?
How many common collaborators does Jakub Montewka have with Spyros Hirdaris?
Which is the most cited paper written by Andreas Vlachos in the DBLP citation network?
Which is the most cited paper written by Yanshuai Cao in the DBLP citation network?
Which is the most cited paper written by Taru Jain in the DBLP citation network?
Which is the most cited paper written by Guanyu Lin in the DBLP citation network?
Which is the most cited paper written by Yashoteja Prabhu in the DBLP citation network?
Which is the most cited paper written by Jiefeng Hu in the DBLP citation network?
Which is the most cited paper written by Sufeng Niu in the DBLP citation network?
Which is the most cited paper written by Łukasz Orlikowski in the DBLP citation network?
Which is the most cited paper written by Toru Akishita in the DBLP citation network?
Which is the most cited paper written by Wei Tong in the DBLP citation network?
Which collaborator does Mitsuhiro Nakamura have the most citations with in the DBLP citation network?
Which collaborator does Hao Zhang have the most citations with in the DBLP citation network?
Which collaborator does Hao Li have the most citations with in the DBLP citation network?
Which collaborator does João P. Hespanha have the most citations with in the DBLP citation network?
Which collaborator does Zhenjia Wang have the most citations with in the DBLP citation network?
Which collaborator does Kai Yang have the most citations with in the DBLP citation network?
Which collaborator does Juan Manuel Corchado Rodríguez have the most citations with in the DBLP citation network?
Which collaborator does Wu, Hsiao-Chun have the most citations with in the DBLP citation network?
Which collaborator does Erick Mas have the most citations with in the DBLP citation network?
Which collaborator does S. Thomas George have the most citations with in the DBLP citation network?
Which venue does Claudio Garcia publish the most papers in the DBLP citation network?
Which venue does Amara Amara publish the most papers in the DBLP citation network?
Which venue does Dong Yan publish the most papers in the DBLP citation network?
Which venue does Peter Hoogeboom publish the most papers in the DBLP citation network?
Which venue does Yinshuang Xu publish the most papers in the DBLP citation network?
Which venue does Tim Cardell publish the most papers in the DBLP citation network?
Which venue does Richard Schulz publish the most papers in the DBLP citation network?
Which venue does Salwa El-Ramly publish the most papers in the DBLP citation network?
Which venue does Jin Qian publish the most papers in the DBLP citation network?
Which venue does Chenguang He publish the most papers in the DBLP citation network?
How many accumulated citations do papers collaborated by Yusuke Kawamoto and Kohei Suenaga have in the DBLP citation network?
How many accumulated citations do papers collaborated by Junjie Zhao and Xiangyang Luo have in the DBLP citation network?
How many accumulated citations do papers collaborated by Nikil Dutt and Nikil Dutt have in the DBLP citation network?
How many accumulated citations do papers collaborated by Rohan Badlani and Adrian Łańcucki have in the DBLP citation network?
How many accumulated citations do papers collaborated by Kevin C. Desouza and Amy J.C. Trappey have in the DBLP citation network?
How many accumulated citations do papers collaborated by Serim Park and Sofía Samaniego have in the DBLP citation network?
How many accumulated citations do papers collaborated by David Schrammel and Stefan Mangard have in the DBLP citation network?
How many accumulated citations do papers collaborated by Donald G. Dansereau and Chamith Wijenayake have in the DBLP citation network?
How many accumulated citations do papers collaborated by Delia Kesner and Simona Ronchi Della Rocca have in the DBLP citation network?
How many accumulated citations do papers collaborated by Chathura Wanigasekara and Akshya Swain have in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers in all do Han Wu and his/her collaborators have in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers in all do Guang Cheng and his/her collaborators have in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers in all do Jiayu Dong and his/her collaborators have in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers in all do Duc-Dung Tran and his/her collaborators have in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers in all do Atsushi Keyaki and his/her collaborators have in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers in all do Pietro Ferraro and his/her collaborators have in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers in all do Chejian Xu and his/her collaborators have in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers in all do Irvin Aloise and his/her collaborators have in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers in all do Hongping Wang and his/her collaborators have in the DBLP citation network?
How many papers in all do Claire O'Shea and his/her collaborators have in the DBLP citation network?
Who collaborated with Ke Xu most in the DBLP citation network?
Who collaborated with Yang Jiao most in the DBLP citation network?
Who collaborated with Younghyun Lim most in the DBLP citation network?
Who collaborated with Zhengwei Wu most in the DBLP citation network?
Who collaborated with Carlos Perez most in the DBLP citation network?
Who collaborated with Mihir Mody most in the DBLP citation network?
Who collaborated with Hemant Kumar Rath most in the DBLP citation network?
Who collaborated with Myeongjae Jeon most in the DBLP citation network?
Who collaborated with Anderson Soares most in the DBLP citation network?
Who collaborated with Vincent Lepetit most in the DBLP citation network?
What institutions participated in the study of Secure Maximum Weight Matching Approximation on General Graphs (Full Version). in the DBLP citation network?
What institutions participated in the study of Python parallel processing for hyperspectral image simulation: based on distance functions in the DBLP citation network?
What institutions participated in the study of Analysis and Implementation for Traffic-Aware Channel Assignment and Contention Scheme in LoRa based IoT Networks in the DBLP citation network?
What institutions participated in the study of Coordinating Momenta for Cross-Silo Federated Learning. in the DBLP citation network?
What institutions participated in the study of A Study on Visualization of Spatial Information using Drone Images in the DBLP citation network?
What institutions participated in the study of A Hybrid Dl-Driven Intelligent Sdn-Enabled Malware Detection Framework For Internet Of Medical Things (Iomt) in the DBLP citation network?
What institutions participated in the study of Multidimensional indexing technique for medical images retrieval in the DBLP citation network?
What institutions participated in the study of MMFGRN: a multi-source multi-model fusion method for gene regulatory network reconstruction in the DBLP citation network?
What institutions participated in the study of RPformer: A Robust Parallel Transformer for Visual Tracking in Complex Scenes in the DBLP citation network?
What institutions participated in the study of Wearable Sensor-Based Prediction Model of Timed up and Go Test in Older Adults in the DBLP citation network?
What keywords does Shubo Liu focus on most in the DBLP citation network?
What keywords does Istvan Haller focus on most in the DBLP citation network?
What keywords does S. A. Abramov focus on most in the DBLP citation network?
What keywords does Lorenz Räber focus on most in the DBLP citation network?
What keywords does Suvi K. Holm focus on most in the DBLP citation network?
What keywords does Zixuan Yi focus on most in the DBLP citation network?
What keywords does Zhuo-Xu Cui focus on most in the DBLP citation network?
What keywords does Guillermo Barturen focus on most in the DBLP citation network?
What keywords does Sabine E M J Stoltz focus on most in the DBLP citation network?
What keywords does Yuanzhe Wang focus on most in the DBLP citation network?
