how much would it cost to run a 4060 monthly with a average usage of like 50%?
why Israeli intelligence failed to stop major attack from Gaza
If I start a thread using a model (perplexity AI,GPT-4 or Claude 2), and then I change the model in preferences, and then I go back to that thread, does the initial model change or it remains the same?
If all the advances had happened, but the world wars had never happened, how far would we have progressed and what would be the difference?
When will we be able to run GPT-3, 4 or PaLM, Claude equivalent LLMs on everyday devices or is it even possible?
how to conclude a charity business plan?
How does the synestia hypothesis compare to the giant impact hypothesis?
What is the synestia hypothesis?
what's the fast way to learn writing?
Why does Perplexity AI often use the Golden Gate Bridge in promotional videos?
Why do we live in spatial dimensions? How can we be absolutely certain that we do in fact live in three spatial dimensions, and are not simply 2D projections, similar to movies that depict 3D objects which are in fact constrained to a 2D surface such as a TV screen?
There are always contradicting ideas spread on the internet, how do you think I should make my decision over anything?
How do you provide the source links in your search response?
As a security specializing in penetration tests and code attacks, do you think AI will soon replace us knowing UI's are extremely variable and business flows as if not more specific?
But what would happen if Google and Microsoft block you from using their reference material?
How long do you think you'll be able to reference outside material to justify your existence?
So are you an autoregressive model deep down?
Compare software licenses like GPL, MIT etc. and make a table for this.
what is the purpose of perplexity Ai?
What's the meaning of life?
Please write the code for a fastapi api from a hugginface bert model.
How might advancements in synthetic biology and the creation of artificial life forms reshape our understanding of life and the potential for extraterrestrial life in the universe? Can special types of humans be created?
Which smartphone is price for value in 2023?
What role did ancient civilizations, such as the Maya, Inca, and Aztec, play in the development of astronomy, and how did their discoveries influence our understanding of the cosmos?
what Will happen if all schools' Managment taken by hitler answer that like a politician
Tell me about HuaWei Mate60
クォータの増加に対し具体的に何が何で動いているのか何を実行しようとしてクォータが必要なのかシステムの構成を教えてください meaning
How to train my AI model?
which is the best AI app?
What are points for the immigrant to Canada? Could you provide table of how to get them?
What is the different of Perplexity model and GPT-4 model?
你是谁
Google colab alternatives for free
why Israeli intelligence failed to stop major attack from Gaza
online teacher appreciation ideas
how do plants communicate with each other
what is fatFIRE?
What is the difference between fatFIRE and regular FIRE?
when will nuclear fusion reactors be able to power datacenters?
what is the Mom Test?
what is 996?
30-60-90 day plan
full stack web developer roadmap 2023
top 5 free websites to learn full stack web development from
how often do men think about the Roman Empire
expert tips for salary negotiation
how to research salary information for a job
tips to prevent phishing attacks
how to minimize your digital footprint
what are data broker websites and how to remove yourself from them
投资机构通常问AI创业者哪些灵魂拷问问题，举出30个例子
Towards End-to-End Embodied Decision Making via Multi-modal Large Language Model: Explorations with GPT4-Vision and Beyond
